Updates to OSCAL Metaschema documentation and constraints (#1263)
usnistgov/OSCAL: docs/content/concepts/identifier-use/_index.md

#### Human-Oriented

> A [*human-oriented*](#human-oriented) identifier incorporates semantic that support readability and processing by humans. OSCAL implements [*human-oriented*](#human-oriented) identifiers as [`token`](/reference/datatypes/#token) data types, which are non-colonized names.  For example, control identifiers in a catalog may use a nomenclature that is familiar to the intended audience, allowing them to quickly determine what security control is being referred to, simply by its identifier value.  

Author: ```suggestion
A [*human-oriented*](#human-oriented) identifier supports readability and use by human consumers. OSCAL implements [*human-oriented*](#human-oriented) identifiers as [`token`](/reference/datatypes/#token) data types, which are non-colonized names.  For example, control identifiers in a catalog may use a nomenclature that is familiar to the intended audience, allowing them to quickly determine what security control is being referred to, simply by its identifier value.  
```
